Add https://nemlig.com as Longhorn adopters (#11044)
longhorn/longhorn: ADOPTERS.md

| Type | Name | Website | Use-Case |
|:-|:-|:-|:-|

> | End-User | Nemlig | https://www.nemlig.com/ | All encompassing persistent storage solution on Kubernemlig > An operations and developer friendly self-developed Platform As A Service offering inside Nemlig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| End-User | Nemlig | https://www.nemlig.com/ | A comprehensive, persistent storage solution on Kubernetes. Part of “Kubernemlig,” Nemlig’s internal, developer- and operations-friendly Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS).
```
